here fixed the question the more
hate the subject
more you have it in reality wrong
with parasites they try our
hate and hate try and not
only lina 9 helps me a lot because
what
but no less when a person is
the state of self-destruction year becomes
open system and
This time it does not even download
hate energy
and everything else, too, sat down with life that evil
strength
download parasite download
sexual appetite
they specifically return people
just to let it go man on
street child behavior to man and
nothing human is left in these
relationship understand so I will not be here
when the family movie propaganda
youth corruption
what the top 10 people do not achieve
the Euroros rolls worse
brute because when
sorry wakes up in the morning and to you
name and what is your name excuse it
already
open the carcasses the light more it just
pomegranate because this energy
pornography see how much pornography
filled with internet and not only internet
well why don't you close them well tobacco
partially closes up to hundreds of thousands of sites
continue to act why because
you somewhere that many people do not understand
what for reel pictures of cats if on
these pictures processed captured image
when the child does not look he and means
enters the apple store what do you understand
So
and through it comes about the weaver
capacity and very powerful just the shelves
technology used a lot of people
they say that it can not be because not
maybe never and who says it on
all the coil it is used so
easier to manipulate and manage thats all
so any negative emotions are
the key to your intuition
protective shell opened in order
make you source seems
pumping vitality which then
pick up against you other this is you slaves
to the heat the same thing happens in churches
when dry 3 tasks with more than two and so
further then just not many people
understands the essence of these phenomena sorry
understands does not understand until sunset arrival
it does not matter and does not act independence
understand or understand as angle
proves ignorance of the law not
frees responsibly the waters spend
this is their law invented by a man who
may be true wrong but the laws
the nature of one is not really invented
there is and therefore when someone understand for
years apply them against
negative is also possible
understand them to confront therefore
very many things to man
probably makes it turn into
cattle
although it is not such a steel
brute members or not it depends
once a man something that I for example do not
I do not read that there should be no relationship
between people including intimate on
the right to open must be a relationship
they are just bestiality you will understand that when
there is love when people love each other
and once in tame at level
spirituality I would spirituality read the word
it's gut file there to acquire
then there is unity this unity on
breast consciousness will overtake unity
raise and submissions and so on
when a person is harmonious and others
man it must be first
turn
and when that is when there is still sitting
recent physical body is beautiful
and the fact that youth is imposed on people
line today or is this similarity
so there is love and sex
these are two different things so many things
and it turns out that man is easy
provoke remember interludes take
brain felt blonde remember on
senior bye remember oh well man
spinal cord felt blonde
that matter is hard he can feel
no back wax no other bodies here
here she turns and is not blonde
when that person is the only one
the unique which you love or you
loves the same does not always work but
if that doesn't mean sort of try
1000 options until you find that layer
Yes, there is because because I am looking for
nothing no one will find and pass
show it like that
not mine will pass from those tour shield
so candles question